Update Studio videos for Data Nodes tip (#687)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/knowledge_base/tips/the_data_nodes/index.md

and specify certain parameters, like a default path for CSV or Parquet files. It's important to 
note that you can change this path during runtime. For instance, if you create a new scenario, 
you can instruct the Tabular data nodes to save the results in a different file or directory, 

> which helps you avoid overwriting previous data. Taipy can also manage where files are written if no *default_path* has been given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
thereby preventing the overwriting of previous data. Taipy can also manage file destinations in cases where no 'default_path' has been specified.
```
